How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?


  It was really very helpful because we can see the diff cleanly and clearly on the two files
that we are comparing using diff -u function in the git bash command prompt so it was really
helpful and super useful.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

  When I have access to my older files, I can probably check for the previous versions of my files
  and have access to them with ease (like opening them and editing them) this option helps a lot really a lot
  trust me. I can have record for my work.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

    Actually I would suggest to create a commit manually than automating it because when you have commit getting created automatically there will
    be major issues like errors getting added to the files automatically so I would create commit manually and pros are that you can have
    reference to the files that you have different versions and can go to that particular files when ever you want by just using that commit
    and I don't say that automating commit is completely bad but according to me it's bad practice.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

  because when we can save multiple files and access the changes made to them we can actually track the changes made to them and when we are building
  a website we would have many files we need to keep track of so it will be helpful to use multiple file access system.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

  git log command gives you the history of the commits that are made to the current repository and git diff gives you the difference in the
  changes made like number of lines added and number of lines deleted from your two compared files in the repository

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

  using version control is really helpful to know the error or bug we create so that we can rectify it is really helpful to develop a clean project
  and give it to the client.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I'm looking forward to work and learn more in git.
